ru/digitalspirit/asaka/microloan/model/EmailListType.java
 ru.digitalspirit.asaka.microloan.model.EmailListType
ru/digitalspirit/asaka/microloan/model/Adapter2.java
 ru.digitalspirit.asaka.microloan.model.Adapter2
ru/digitalspirit/asaka/microloan/model/ClientType.java
 ru.digitalspirit.asaka.microloan.model.ClientType
ru/digitalspirit/asaka/microloan/model/JobInfoType.java
 ru.digitalspirit.asaka.microloan.model.JobInfoType
ru/digitalspirit/asaka/microloan/model/CurrentLoanType.java
 ru.digitalspirit.asaka.microloan.model.CurrentLoanType
ru/digitalspirit/asaka/microloan/model/AccountType.java
 ru.digitalspirit.asaka.microloan.model.AccountType
ru/digitalspirit/asaka/microloan/model/AddressType.java
 ru.digitalspirit.asaka.microloan.model.AddressType
ru/digitalspirit/asaka/microloan/model/CustomerIDType.java
 ru.digitalspirit.asaka.microloan.model.CustomerIDType
ru/digitalspirit/asaka/microloan/model/AddressListType.java
 ru.digitalspirit.asaka.microloan.model.AddressListType
ru/digitalspirit/asaka/microloan/model/PhoneType.java
 ru.digitalspirit.asaka.microloan.model.PhoneType
ru/digitalspirit/asaka/microloan/model/RelatedPerson.java
 ru.digitalspirit.asaka.microloan.model.RelatedPerson
ru/digitalspirit/asaka/microloan/model/AppSystemIDType.java
 ru.digitalspirit.asaka.microloan.model.AppSystemIDType
ru/digitalspirit/asaka/microloan/model/ApplicationHistory.java
 ru.digitalspirit.asaka.microloan.model.ApplicationHistory
ru/digitalspirit/asaka/microloan/model/TrusteeStatusType.java
 ru.digitalspirit.asaka.microloan.model.TrusteeStatusType
ru/digitalspirit/asaka/microloan/model/Document.java
 ru.digitalspirit.asaka.microloan.model.Document
ru/digitalspirit/asaka/microloan/model/NotificationType.java
 ru.digitalspirit.asaka.microloan.model.NotificationType
ru/digitalspirit/asaka/microloan/model/DepositInfoType.java
 ru.digitalspirit.asaka.microloan.model.DepositInfoType
ru/digitalspirit/asaka/microloan/model/AdditionalContactType.java
 ru.digitalspirit.asaka.microloan.model.AdditionalContactType
ru/digitalspirit/asaka/microloan/model/Adapter3.java
 ru.digitalspirit.asaka.microloan.model.Adapter3
ru/digitalspirit/asaka/microloan/model/Application.java
 ru.digitalspirit.asaka.microloan.model.Application
ru/digitalspirit/asaka/microloan/model/package-info.java
 ru.digitalspirit.asaka.microloan.model.package-info
ru/digitalspirit/asaka/microloan/model/Adapter1.java
 ru.digitalspirit.asaka.microloan.model.Adapter1
ru/digitalspirit/asaka/microloan/model/CommentType.java
 ru.digitalspirit.asaka.microloan.model.CommentType
ru/digitalspirit/asaka/microloan/model/ObjectFactory.java
 ru.digitalspirit.asaka.microloan.model.ObjectFactory
ru/digitalspirit/asaka/microloan/model/AccountListType.java
 ru.digitalspirit.asaka.microloan.model.AccountListType
ru/digitalspirit/asaka/microloan/model/LoanType.java
 ru.digitalspirit.asaka.microloan.model.LoanType
ru/digitalspirit/asaka/microloan/util/DTOGenerationUtil.java
 ru.digitalspirit.asaka.microloan.util.DTOGenerationUtil
ru/digitalspirit/asaka/microloan/model/EmailType.java
 ru.digitalspirit.asaka.microloan.model.EmailType
ru/digitalspirit/asaka/microloan/model/AttachedDocument.java
 ru.digitalspirit.asaka.microloan.model.AttachedDocument
ru/digitalspirit/asaka/microloan/model/CurrencyType.java
 ru.digitalspirit.asaka.microloan.model.CurrencyType
ru/digitalspirit/asaka/microloan/model/AdditionalIncomeType.java
 ru.digitalspirit.asaka.microloan.model.AdditionalIncomeType
ru/digitalspirit/asaka/microloan/util/DateTypeConverter.java
 ru.digitalspirit.asaka.microloan.util.DateTypeConverter
ru/digitalspirit/asaka/microloan/model/PhoneListType.java
 ru.digitalspirit.asaka.microloan.model.PhoneListType
ru/digitalspirit/asaka/microloan/util/XSDField.java
 ru.digitalspirit.asaka.microloan.util.XSDField
ru/digitalspirit/asaka/microloan/model/InsuranceType.java
 ru.digitalspirit.asaka.microloan.model.InsuranceType
